Refreshing info for Go Workflows & Workers (#393)
temporalio/documentation: docs/go/workflows.md

2. `client.StartWorkflowOptions` Which can include [timeout settings and a `RetryPolicy`](/docs/go/retries).
3. The name of the Workflow function.
4. Variables that should be passed to the Workflow when it begins execution.

```go
package main

import (
    "context"

    "go.temporal.io/sdk/client"
)

func main() {
    // Create the client object just once per process
    c, err := client.NewClient(client.Options{})
    if err != nil {
        // Handle failure
    }
    defer c.Close()

    // TaskQueue is the only required option to start a Workflow
    options := client.StartWorkflowOptions{
        TaskQueue: "your_task_queue",
    }

    we, err := c.ExecuteWorkflow(context.Background(), options, YourWorkflow, workflowParm1, workflowParam2)
    if err != nil {
        // Handle failure
    }

    // Use the WorkflowExecution to get the result
    // Get is blocking call and will wait for the Workflow to complete
    var workflowResult string
    err = we.Get(context.Background(), &workflowResult)
    if err != nil {
        // Handle failure
    }

    // Do something with the result
    printResults(workflowResult, we.GetID(), we.GetRunID())
}
```

> In Go, the only difference between a synchronous start and an asynchronous start is whether you use the `WorkflowExecution` that is returned from `ExecuteWorkflow` to get the result of the Workflow from the same process in which you started it.

Reviewer: i find this sentence hard to read. too long. also i feel like we should have a stronger recommendation for async start. care to take another try at this?

Author: Good feedback, rewrote this paragraph and broke it down more with an explicit leaning towards async.

Workflows do not rely on the invocation process and will continue executing even if the waiting process crashes or stops.

As long as you have the WorkflowID, which is available from the `WorkflowExecution` you can retrieve the result of the Workflow from a completely different process by using the `GetWorkflow` call on the client.

```go
we = client.GetWorkflow(workflowID)
var result string
we.Get(ctx, &result)
```

## How to get data in or out of a running Workflow

[Signals](/docs/go/signals) are the mechanism by which you can get data into already running Workflow.

> [Queries](/docs/go/queries) are the mechanism by which you can get data out of currently running Workflow.

Reviewer: i feel like we should draw a diagram to represent this at some point

Author: 👍 Agreed, I will make task to follow up.

2. `client.StartWorkflowOptions` Which can include [timeout settings and a `RetryPolicy`](/docs/go/retries).
3. The name of the Workflow function.
4. Variables that should be passed to the Workflow when it begins execution.

```go
package main

import (
    "context"

    "go.temporal.io/sdk/client"
)

func main() {
    // Create the client object just once per process
    c, err := client.NewClient(client.Options{})
    if err != nil {
        // Handle failure
    }
    defer c.Close()

    // TaskQueue is the only required option to start a Workflow
    options := client.StartWorkflowOptions{
        TaskQueue: "your_task_queue",
    }

    we, err := c.ExecuteWorkflow(context.Background(), options, YourWorkflow, workflowParm1, workflowParam2)
    if err != nil {
        // Handle failure
    }

    // Use the WorkflowExecution to get the result
    // Get is blocking call and will wait for the Workflow to complete
    var workflowResult string
    err = we.Get(context.Background(), &workflowResult)
    if err != nil {
        // Handle failure
    }

    // Do something with the result
    printResults(workflowResult, we.GetID(), we.GetRunID())
}
```

> Starting Workflows synchronously or asynchronously is both possible.
> In Go, the only difference is whether the code waits for the result of the Workflow in the same process in which you started it.
> When you start a Workflow, a `WorkflowExecution` is returned.
> The `WorkflowExecution` can be used to get the result or capture the WorkflowId.
> Workflows do not rely on the process that invoked it, and will continue executing even if the waiting process crashes or stops.
> As long as you have the WorkflowID, which is available from the `WorkflowExecution` you can retrieve the result of the Workflow from a completely different process by using the `GetWorkflow` call on the client.
> 
> ```go
> we = client.GetWorkflow(workflowID)
> var result string
> we.Get(ctx, &result)
> ```
> 
> In most uses cases it is better to be prepared to execute the Workflow asynchronously.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can start workflows either **asynchronously** (most common) or **synchronously**.
In Go, the only difference is whether the code waits for the result of the Workflow in the same process in which you started it.

When you start a Workflow, a `WorkflowExecution` is returned.
The `WorkflowExecution` can be used to get the result (synchronous) or capture the WorkflowId (asynchronous).
Workflows do not rely on the process that invoked it, and will continue executing even if the waiting process crashes or stops.

As long as you have the WorkflowID, which is available from the `WorkflowExecution`, you can retrieve the result of the Workflow from a completely different process by using the `GetWorkflow` call on the client.

```go
we = client.GetWorkflow(workflowID)
var result string
we.Get(ctx, &result)
```

```

trying to break up the paragraph a little

Author: I hear ya.

Though, I don't think saying something is "most common" is actually a recommendation per se - more of an observation.

I will adopt most of your recommendations here.
However, I do have a strong preference towards laying out the state of things, and then providing a soft recommendation at the end. As the story preceding the recommendation lays the foundation for it.

wdyt about this?

![Screen Shot 2021-04-29 at 12 20 52 PM](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/34380806/116599508-6f1bc480-a8e5-11eb-8a57-b89e66854f87.png)
